doc:add backup dir and add backup introduce (#405)
kurator-dev/kurator: docs/content/en/docs/fleet-manager/backup/_index.md

---

> title: "Unified Backup, Restore, and Migrate"

Reviewer: mIgration, it shoud not be verbs

Author: ok

linkTitle: "Unified Backup"
weight: 40
description: >
  The easiest way to manage multi cluster Unified Backup, Restore, and Migration with Fleet.
---

Kurator introduces a unified solution for backup, restore, and migration across multiple clusters in Fleet.
This feature, integrated with [Velero](https://velero.io/), simplifies the process of managing backups, restoring data, and migrating resources across clusters through a streamlined one-click operation.

> The following are the main benefits of this feature.

Reviewer: Prefer introduce application backup, migration below other than just cluster resource

Author: ok

- **Simplified Multi-cluster Operations**: Streamlining management and operational tasks across various clusters for easier resource handling.

- **Backup Support with Scheduled and Immediate Options**: Automate regular backups for data protection and compliance, along with immediate backup options for on-demand needs.

- **One-stop, Flexible Disaster Recovery Solution**: Providing a robust and flexible solution for disaster recovery, allowing tailored recovery of specific resources in specific clusters to ensure operational continuity in adverse scenarios.

- **Effortless Cluster Resource Migration**: Facilitating smooth migration of resources across multiple clusters for workload balancing or transitions to new environments.

- **Unified Status View**: Offering a clear, unified view of resources and backup statuses across clusters, enhancing visibility and control.

## Architecture

Below is the architecture diagram of the Kurator Fleet Backup feature.

{{< image width="100%"
link="./image/backup-arch.svg"
>}}

The diagram illustrates:

> - **Fleet Manager**: The central management entity, responsible for orchestrating the operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Fleet Manager**: The core management component, responsible for managing fleet and backup engines.
```

Author: ok

> - **Velero Integration**: How the backup and restore processes are handled using Velero.

Reviewer: There is no velero in the graph

Reviewer: So we need to change a wording

Author: yes

Author: we can just remove it

- **Object Storage**: The external storage solutions, such as Minio or cloud providers, where the backups are stored.

> - **Interactions**: The arrows depict the flow of data and interactions between various components.

Reviewer: This is meaningless, i guess you want to elaborate how they interract, more clearly, the workflow.

Author: ok

Author: we can just remove it
